Simplify pull request template. (#9)
ChromaticHQ/.github: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Description

> <!--- Describe your changes in detail. The sections suggested below  -->

Reviewer: Did you forget the end of the sentence?

Author: Good catch. Updated!

## Motivation / Context
<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->

> <!--- If it fixes, or is related to an open issue, link to the issue here. -->

Reviewer 2: What do you think about removing that first comma as well? I think it flows a bit better that way.
```suggestion
<!--- If it fixes or is related to an open issue, link to the issue here. -->
```

## Description
<!--- Describe your changes in detail. The sections suggested are intended to make -->

> <!--- it easy to create a descriptive PR that is easy to review. Change as needed! --> 

Reviewer 2: +++ I love starting off making it explicit that these are just guidelines, inviting PR authors to change the sections as they see fit.

Can we remove the trailing space on this line?
```suggestion
<!--- it easy to create a descriptive PR that is easy to review. Change as needed! -->
```

## Motivation / Context
<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!--- If it fixes, or is related to an open issue, link to the issue here. -->

## Testing Instructions / How This Has Been Tested
<!--- Describe how you tested your changes and/or how a reviewer can test your changes. -->

## Screenshots
<!--- Would including screenshots be helpful to the reviewer? --->

## Documentation

> <!--- Did any of the changes cause documentation to need to be updated? --->

Reviewer 2: Can we improve this question a bit?
```suggestion
<!--- Do any of the changes warrant documentation updates? --->
```

Take it to leave it, though. This is not a deal-breaker.
